hey screen printers and this
instructional video will show you how to
use round its new meteor white ink from
green galaxy so meteor white ink is a
cotton white ink that is very creamy
opaque prints awesome through all
different mesh sizes without having to
use curable reducer as you can see right
here I'm gonna be opening up this is
right out of the container this stores
and ships a lot more stable than most
other whites in the planet so right here
very nice and creamy shouldn't have to
use curable reducer when using this now
obviously you can if you want to but
there shouldn't be a need also you know
you with most windings you really have
to modulate them a lot to get them nice
and creamy it's always good to mix your
ink but with meteor white you don't have
to mix it nearly as much as you can see
it's nice and creamy coming off the edge
of my spatula there for screen mash
we're gonna use 110 through 305 mesh you
can really use all those different mesh
sizes obviously the higher mesh you go a
little bit more difficult is going to be
the print but this print is very very
nicely through 156 200 mesh without the
need for curable reducer also great as a
spot process under base so if you're
doing these spot process printing it's a
great soft spot process under base and
spot process over print white one thing
that makes this ink so creamy is the
fact that it's triple blended so as you
can see flooding is not an issue we're
gonna do this print as a push print and
we'll come back and try another print as
a pull print we're gonna take it pass by
pass and check out how it prints so I
have about you know a eighth inch off
contact right here normal off contact
and then not a lot of pressure needed to
print that clears the screen beautifully
it gives me a nice under base for over
printing color or then flashing and
printing again so typically on that
first pass you can maybe do two so
that's after one we can see how it looks
and not a lot of effort to get there so
let's do two passes on the first go
around
so there's a second even brighter of
course now the thing about this thing is
is a quick flashing ink so it flashes at
about 30 to 40 degrees lower than most
white inks that means you can speed your
flash time up that also means you can go
faster as you're printing after only a
few second flash we're ready to go
around and print again so one final
flood up and then a push print once
again super easy to print lays down
beautifully nice solid base soft hand
bright white customers love it because
it's got a softer hand and feel than
most whites out there and screen
printers love it because it's easier to
print let's see that same print with a
pull print so about 70 degree angle or
so there's passed number one passed
number two and after a quick flash pass
number three once again nice and soft
and smooth super easy to operate super
easy to print and a beautiful bright end
result to cure meteor why it's very
important for the ink to reach 325
degrees to the entire ink film that
means the surface tearing is probably
gonna be slightly higher than that you
always want to stretch test your ink so
stretch it and then also wash test
before going into production now keep in
mind this is a cotton white so even
though you can print it on blends you
want to keep your blend printing or your
polyester printing to the lighter color
palette not going on dark Karma's only
going on dark garments when your cotton
count is very very high or 100% cotton
so stop struggling with white ink and
check out meteor white available from
Green galaxy ink systems and